                                   Bussiness Processess of Hotal Reservation System
This project "hotal reservation system" consists of four use cases
1. Reserve the Rooms
2. Arrange Transport 
3. Check_in process
4. Check_out process



1:  Description OF Room Reservation process
Onces hotal booking request received by hotal manager.The manger check the availability of rooms, 
if  rooms are not availabe manager cancel the booking request but if the rooms are availabe then 
Guest are  allowed to select the room.and when they select rooms, the booking conformed.Now manager
emite receipt of rooms and guest received conformation mail and finally booking request accepted.

2:  Description OF Arrange Transport
When  hotal received transport request. The stuff check for the availability of vehicles, if there 
are not vehicle present the customer is suggested to arrange transport himself but if vehicles are
present in hotal the hotal staff allowed him to select vehicle. Once customer select the vehical then
staff gather customer details like location and time, then  submite vehicle conformation and at last
when customer received vehical the transport request completes
  
3: Description OF Check_in process
On Guest arrival the hotal stuff check for booked room proof, if guests have no any valid proof of booked room
provided by hotal ,the stuff not allowed guest to enter hotal but if guestes have valid proof of booked room then
customer are allowed to enter hotal.The process continuoue by carring guest luggage to selected room and enter their 
entry time and date, then the check_in process complete with  rooms acieved by customer.

4. Description OF Check_out process
When check out time reached,the hotal stuff inform guest and The stuff check for guest dues,if there 
remains any dues on guests, the stuff not allow the guests to leave the hotal but if guests has no any remaining dues,
update the record of guest leaving time and also stuff check the room parrallel for availablity of rooms key and for any 
luggage forgot by guest in room. if   keys found in room  and luggage not remains in the room ,the guest is then allowed
to check out the hotal .       
 